                                                       Page 1 of 4                                    BLS Rev. 1/16/17- OHv 
 
 
 BUCKEYE LENDING SOLUTIONS LLC 
 
Interest-Bearing Promissory Note, Loan Agreement and Disclosure Statement 
Throughout this Interest-Bearing Promissory Note, Loan Agreement and Disclosure Statement, referred to as the “Agreement,” 
Buckeye Lending Solutions LLC, is referred to as “Lender,” “we” and “us,” and the Borrower who signs below is referred to as 
“Borrower” or “you.” “Loan” means the transaction governed by this Agreement. If you provide us with a check, “Account” means the 
deposit account on which any check you give us is drawn. “Bank” means the depository institution that holds your Account. “Payment Due 
Date” refers to the date payment is due as set forth in the Payment Schedule of the Truth in Lending Disclosures below.  “Scheduled 
Payment” means the Total of Payments shown in the Payment Schedule in the Truth in Lending Disclosures below.  The Truth in Lending 
Disclosures are part of the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
Promise to Pay.  In return for the Loan that you receive, you promise to pay us the principal amount borrowed and fees set forth below, plus 
interest on the principal outstanding.  Payment shall be made  consistent with the Payment Schedule set forth below. You will pay these 
amounts in U.S. dollars at the office shown above or at a different place or to a different person if required by us. 
Borrower Name and Address:  
Check Number:                                                         Account #:  
Routing #:   
 
Truth in Lending Disclosures 
ANNUAL 
PERCENTAGE 
RATE 
The cost of your credit as a 
yearly rate. 
 
FINANCE 
CHARGE 
 
The dollar amount the credit 
will cost you. 
 
Amount 
Financed 
 
The amount of credit provided 
to you. 
 
Total of 
Payments 
 
The amount you will have paid 
after making all scheduled 
payments. 
 
Payment Schedule:  
One payment of ________________ is due on ________________(Payment Due Date) 
 
Prepayment: If you pay off early, you will not have to pay a penalty. 
Security Interest:  You grant us a security interest in the check, if any, you have provided to us. 
Late Charge:  If you fail to pay the Scheduled Payment within ten days after its Payment Due Date, we may assess you a late charge equal to the 
greater of 5% of the Scheduled Payment or $15.00.   
See the terms below and on the following pages for additional information about nonpayment and default. 
Itemization of Amount Financed 
 1. Amount paid directly to you: 
 2. Origination fee paid to Lender: 
3. Credit Investigation fee paid to Lender 
 4. Principal (1 plus 2 plus 3): 
 5. Less prepaid finance charge (2 plus 3): 
 6. Amount Financed (4 minus 5): 
NOTICE TO BORROWER 
1. We will provide you with a copy of this Agreement and, on your request, a receipt for any payment.  
2. There will be no blanks in this Agreement when you sign it. 
3. Upon repayment of your Loan, we will provide you with a copy of this Agreement marked paid or cancelled.  
4. We will provide you with information regarding the amount required to pay this Loan in full when requested by you or 
another person designated in writing by you. 
5. State law or our company policies prohibit us from (a) allowing you to borrow from us if you have any outstanding loan debt 
to Buckeye Lending Solutions, LLC or any other of our affiliates; (b) inducing or permitting you to be obligated under more 
than one loan agreement at the same time for the purpose or with the result of obtaining a higher rate of interest or greater 
charges than would otherwise be permitted upon a single loan made under sections 1321.51 to 1321.60 of the Revised Code; 
and (c) making any new loans for the purpose of paying any part of the interest or principal due on an existing loan with us 
unless the interest and principal balance of the existing loan is paid in full from the proceeds of the new loan.  
THE COST OF THIS LOAN MAY BE HIGHER THAN LOANS OFFERED BY OTHER LENDING INSTITUTIONS. 
By signing below, Borrower acknowledges that (1) Borrower has read and received a copy of this Agreement and Disclosure; (2) Borrower 
agrees to the above terms and to the terms of this Agreement and Agreement to Arbitrate Disputes below; and (3) there are no other oral or 
written agreements or promises between Borrower and Lender.   If you are not sure that you fully understand the transaction, please take 
time to review this Agreement and Disclosure or ask a customer service representative to answer any questions you may have. 
 
X________________________________    ______________    
                                                                Borrower’s Signature                                        Date 
SEE IMPORTANT TERMS AND CONDITIONS, AND AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE DISPUTES, 
                                                        ON THE FOLLOWING PAGES.                                         
 
Licensed by the State 
of Ohio under the 
Mortgage Loan Act, 
R.C. 1321.51-1321.60 
Account #:_________________ 
Loan Date: ________________ 
 
                                                       Page 2 of 4                                    BLS Rev. 1/16/17- OHv 
 
Additional Terms & Conditions  
 
1. Interest.  For loans greater than $100 in amount financed, you agree that interest will be charged from the date that you receive the 
Loan proceeds from us until the principal, together with interest, at the rate of 25% per year, is paid.  For loans of $100 or less in 
amount financed, interest at such rate of 25% per year will be charged on any remaining unpaid principal balance owing after the 
Payment Due Date. Interest will be computed and charged daily and will be based on a year of 365 days and the actual number of days 
elapsed.  Except as set forth herein, this interest rate is the rate you will pay before and after any event of default. If any law which 
applies to this Agreement and which sets maximum loan charges is finally interpreted so that the interest or other loan charges 
collected or to be collected in connection with this loan exceed the permitted limits, then: (i) any such loan charge shall be reduced by 
the amount necessary to reduce the charge to the permitted limit; and (ii) any sums already collected from you which exceeded 
permitted limits will be refunded to you.  We may choose to make this refund by reducing the principal you owe under this Agreement 
or by making a direct payment to you.   
 
Customer Notice: A single payday advance is typically for two to four weeks.  However, borrowers often use these 
loans over a period of months, which can be expensive.  Payday advances are not recommended as long-term 
financial solutions. _________ (Initials- Acknowledging Receipt of this Notice) 
 
2. Loan Origination Fee.  You agree to pay a nonrefundable Loan Origination Fee of fifteen dollars ($15.00) if the amount paid to 
you, as shown in the itemization of the amount financed, is $500.00 or less and thirty dollars ($30.00) if the amount paid to you, as 
shown in the itemization of the amount financed, is between $501.00 and $,1000.00 and one-hundred ($100.00) if the amount paid to 
you, as shown in the itemization of the amount financed, is between $1,001.00 and $2,000.00.  The Loan Origination Fee will be 
added to the Principal for this Loan and is fully earned by us on the date of this Agreement subject to your right to cancel. 
 
3. Credit Investigation Fee.  You agree to pay a non-refundable Credit Investigation Fee of ten dollars ($10.00).  The Credit 
Investigation Fee will be added to the Principal for this Loan and is fully earned by us on the date of this Agreement subject to your 
right to cancel. 
 
4. Repayment and Due Date. You will repay the principal and interest on this Loan as shown in the Payment Schedule, which is part 
of the Truth in Lending Disclosures.  You understand that if payment is received by us on a date other than the Payment Due Date or 
if any additional charges are added to your loan balance under the provisions of this Agreement, your actual payment will likely be 
different than the amount shown in the Payment Schedule and you agree to pay the actual amount then payable. Notwithstanding any 
other provision of this Agreement, you will pay any and all amounts outstanding on the Payment Due Date. 
 
5. Your Check(s)/EFT Debit: You agree that if you provided us with the check described on page 1 of this Agreement or a substitute 
check, as payment, you authorize us either to use information from such check to make a one-time electronic fund transfer (“EFT”) 
from your Account or to process the payment as a check transaction on or after the Payment Due Date.  When we use information 
from your check to make an electronic fund transfer, funds may be withdrawn from your Account as soon as the Payment Due Date 
and you will not receive your check back from your Bank. You understand and agree that the term “check” in this Agreement shall 
refer to either a paper check or an electronic debit/credit entry, as appropriate.  If you provided us with a check, you agree (i) that there 
will be sufficient funds to cover the check in the Account on or before the Payment Due Date; and (ii) not to stop payment on the 
check or take any other action that would prevent your Bank from paying the check on or after the Payment Due Date. 
 
6. Canceling Your Loan:  You may cancel this Loan without paying the Finance Charge.  To do so, you must notify us and return all 
amounts we have given you under this Agreement before the close of business on the day following the date you signed this 
Agreement.  If the location is closed on the day following the day you signed this agreement, then you have until the close of business 
on the day when the location reopens.  Your payment must be in cash, cashier’s check, or money order.  If we receive your payment 
by that time, we will return your check, if any, and cancel your Loan.  
 
7. Collateral: If you provided us with a check, you hereby grant to us a security interest in that check. 
 
8. Representations and Warranties and Understanding: You represent and warrant to us that (i) that you are at least 18 years of age 
and otherwise have the legal capacity to enter into this Agreement; (ii) all of the information you provided to us in the credit 
application is true and correct; (iii) if you provided us with a check, the Account is open in your name at the Bank as shown on the 
application you submitted to us; (iv) you do not currently have any outstanding loan with us or with our affiliates; (v) if you provided 
us with a check, at the time you delivered the check to us, there were no blank spaces on the check; and (vi) you have not consulted 
with an attorney about filing a bankruptcy petition and do not intend to file a bankruptcy within ninety (90) days of this Agreement.  
You understand and agree (a) that any changes to the terms of this Agreement must be in writing signed by you and us; (b) that we 
cannot make and have not made the Loan contingent upon your obtaining any other product or service from us or anyone else; and (c) 
that our loan origination fee and credit investigation fee are finance charges for purposes of federal law which per state law are fully 
earned as of the date of this Agreement subject to your right to cancel. 
 
 9. Customer Communications:  By your signature above on page 1 of this Agreement, you expressly consent to be contacted by us, 
our affiliates, or anyone calling on our behalf for any and all purposes, at any telephone number, or physical or electronic address you 
provide or at which you may be reached.  You agree we may contact you in any way, including calls using prerecorded messages or 
artificial voice, and calls and messages delivered using auto telephone dialing system or an automatic texting system.  Automated 
messages may be played when the telephone is answered, whether by you or someone else.  In the event that a customer service 
representative calls, he or she may also leave a message on your answering machine, voice mail, or send one via text.   
 
You consent to receive calls and messages (including prerecorded and artificial voice and autodialed) from us and our affiliates at the 
specific number(s) you have provided to us, or numbers we can reasonably associate with your account (through skip trace, caller ID 
capture or other means),  with information or questions about your loan with us.  You certify, warrant and represent that the 
telephone numbers that you have provided to us are your numbers and not someone else’s.  You represent that you are permitted to 
receive calls at each of the telephone numbers you have provided to us.  You agree to alert us in writing whenever you stop using a 
particular telephone number. 
 
You agree that for purposes of your loan, we must be able to reach you.  You agree that you will not and cannot revoke this consent 
to call, text, or email about your existing loan.  The only exception is a revocation made through a valid “cease and desist” letter 
under applicable consumer protection laws which you have directed to the following address: Buckeye Lending Solutions LLC Attn: 
Opt-Out, 6785 Bobcat Way, Ste. 200, Dublin, OH 43016.  None of our employees are authorized to receive a verbal revocation of 
your consent or authorization.  You further warrant to us that you have obtained the express permission of any reference to provide 
his or her telephone number to us as a reference number and that the reference has agreed that we may call through any means and 
leave messages.  You also authorize us to acquire location information about you from those references or employers that you have 
provided to us.   
 
 
                                                       Page 3 of 4                                    BLS Rev. 1/16/17- OHv 
 
10. TELEMARKETING CALLS:  By your initials below you agree that we and our affiliates may call or text you at the 
numbers and addresses you have provided for purposes of describing goods and services that may be of interest to you, 
offered by us, our affiliates and/or third parties.  You agree these calls and text messages may be made using an automatic 
dialing or technology and/or involve prerecorded and/or artificial voice messaging.  Your consent will be effective even if the 
number you have provided is registered on any state or federal Do-Not-Call (DNC) list.  This consent for telemarketing calls 
shall remain in effect until you revoke it.  Your consent to telemarketing calls may be revoked by informing the telemarketing 
representative, by sending written notice to us at: Buckeye Lending Solutions, LLC Attn: Opt-Out, 6785 Bobcat Way, Ste. 
200, Dublin, OH 43016, or any other method which ensures we receive the revocation.   
 
Your consent to telemarketing calls is not a condition of obtaining your loan.  __________ (Initial for consent) 
 
11. Call Recording And Monitoring:  You consent to the recording and monitoring, for quality assurance, training, risk management 
and/or  collection purposes, of any call that you place with us (or our affiliates) or that we (or our affiliates) place to you. 
 
12. Default and Collection: Time is of the essence in this Agreement. The following constitute events of default under this Agreement 
(i) you fail to pay the full amount of the Loan by the Payment Due Date; (ii) you fail to keep any of your promises under this 
Agreement; or (iii) any representation or information you give us is false or misleading. You understand and agree that if, for any 
reason, you are in default under this Agreement, we may pursue all available legal and equitable remedies against you to collect the 
amount you owe us.  We reserve the right, in the event of default, to (i) require you to send us payment in the form of a cashier’s 
check using overnight delivery to the address we designate, or (ii) re-present your dishonored check in paper form or electronically.  
In the event that any check or electronic fund transfer debit is dishonored and you are in default, you also authorize us to obtain 
payment via demand draft(s) or remotely created payment order(s) on your Account.  This Payment Authorization allows us, our 
agents or servicers to create one or more demand drafts or remotely created payment orders in amounts that do not exceed the total 
amount you owe us. We or our agents or servicers may then present or direct the presentment of the demand draft(s) or remotely 
created payment order(s) for payment against your Account, provided that no more than two presentments of any such draft or order 
have been dishonored.  If your financial institution pays all the amounts owing as requested, your debt to us under this Agreement will 
be extinguished.  You also understand and agree that this authorization does not relieve you of the obligation to pay the Amount 
Financed, Finance Charges or any Late Charge incurred in full.  This Payment Authorization shall remain in full force and effect until 
we receive written notification from you terminating this authority in such time and manner as to afford us and your bank a reasonable 
opportunity to act on it- at least three business days.  You understand and acknowledge that you may so terminate this Payment 
Authorization by notifying us at Buckeye Lending Solutions, LLC, c/o Processing Services, ATTN: RCC/ACH Opt-Out, 6785 Bobcat 
Way, Suite 200, Dublin, OH 43016. We do not require repayment of loans by pre-authorized electronic transfers.  
 
You acknowledge this Payment Authorization as set forth above. _______ (Initials) 
 
 All payments received by us will be first applied to any returned check and late fees, and then to the accrued Finance 
Charges.  Payments in excess of all fees and finance charges will be applied to the principal balance. You agree to pay us all lawfully 
recoverable costs and disbursements that we incur in enforcing this Agreement. You understand and agree that it is reasonable for us 
to employ the services of an attorney to advise Lender and/or to represent Lender, even in small claims actions. Under no 
circumstances, however, will you be criminally prosecuted or threatened with criminal prosecution for purposes of collecting the Loan 
under this Agreement. 
 
13. Late Charge:  You may be assessed a late charge not to exceed the greater of five percent (5%) of the scheduled payment or 
fifteen dollars ($15.00) if the scheduled payment is not paid in full within 10 days of the Payment Due Date.   
 
14. Check Collection Charge:  If any check or any electronic debit to your Account is returned unpaid for any reason, you agree to pay 
us a check collection charge of twenty dollars ($20.00) plus any amount passed on from other financial institutions for each check, 
negotiable order of withdrawal, share draft, or other negotiable instrument returned or dishonored for any reason.  You authorize us to 
effect a separate, but one-time Payment Authorization for this check collection charge by electronic debit, draft or payment instrument 
such as a remotely created payment order or demand draft or similar payment device on your bank account identified on the check.   
 
15. Electronic Presentment and Re-Presentment:  You understand that electronically presented or re-presented checks will not be 
provided with your Bank statement, but that a copy of such a check can be obtained by contacting the Bank.  
 
16. Set off:  If, at any time when you owe us money, you present any check(s) to us or any of our affiliates or branches for negotiation, 
we (or our affiliate) may apply the amount of such check(s), less applicable check cashing fees, to the amount you owe us.  
  
17 Notices; Credit Reporting: We may make inquiries concerning your credit history and standing, and may report information 
concerning your performance under this Agreement to credit reporting agencies. Any notice that we are required to provide under this 
Agreement or applicable law will be deemed reasonable if sent to you at your address set forth above via First Class Mail. As required 
by law, you are hereby notified that a negative credit report reflecting on your credit record may be submitted to a credit reporting 
agency if you fail to fulfill the terms of your credit obligations. 
 
18. Governing Law; Severability:  Except as is otherwise provided in the Agreement to Arbitrate Disputes below, this Agreement is 
governed by Ohio law and the Ohio Mortgage Loan Act (Ohio Revised Code Sections 1321.51-1321.60).  If any provision of this 
Agreement is held to be unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. 
 
19.  Agreement to Arbitrate Disputes: 
a. Dispute Resolution by Arbitration (“Arbitration Agreement”):  Any and all claims, controversies, or disputes arising out of or 
related in any way to this Agreement shall be subject to binding arbitration pursuant to the Federal Arbitration Act. This 
Arbitration Agreement is made pursuant to a transaction involving interstate commerce, and shall be governed by the Federal 
Arbitration Act (the “FAA”), 9 U.S.C. Sections 1-18.  This Arbitration Agreement applies to, without limitation, (1) all issues 
concerning the transaction described above; (2) initial claims, counterclaims, cross-claims, and third-party claims, whether arising 
in law or equity, and whether based upon federal, state, or local law; contract; tort; fraud or other intentional tort; constitution, 
common law, or statute; (3) any issue as to whether any such claims, controversies, or disputes are subject to arbitration; (4) all 
claims asserted by you individually against us and/or any of our employees, agents, directors, officers, shareholders, governors, 
managers, members, parent company or affiliated entities (hereinafter collectively referred to as “Related Third Parties”), 
including claims for money damages and/or equitable or injunctive relief; and (5) any claims, controversies, or disputes that 
would otherwise be subject to class actions.  This means that all claims, controversies or disputes that are the subject of class 
actions will also be subject to binding arbitration under the FAA and this Arbitration Agreement.  THE ARBITRATOR SHALL 
NOT CONDUCT CLASS ARBITRATION; THAT IS, THE ARBITRATOR SHALL NOT ALLOW YOU OR US TO 
SERVE AS A PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL, AS A REPRESENTATIVE, OR IN ANY OTHER 
REPRESENTATIVE CAPACITY FOR OTHERS IN THE ARBITRATION. 
 
 
 
                                                       Page 4 of 4                                    BLS Rev. 1/16/17- OHv 
 
b. Consent to Arbitration: You and we understand and agree that you and we are choosing arbitration rather than litigation to 
resolve disputes.  You and we understand that you and we have the right to litigate disputes but that you and we prefer to do so 
through arbitration.  In arbitration, you may choose to have a hearing and be represented by counsel. THEREFORE, YOU 
UNDERSTAND THAT BY ENTERING INTO THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT, YOU VOLUNTARILY AND 
KNOWINGLY: 
 ? WAIVE ANY RIGHTS TO HAVE A TRIAL BY JURY TO RESOLVE ANY CLAIM OR DISPUTE ALLEGED 
AGAINST US OR RELATED THIRD PARTIES; 
 ? WAIVE YOUR RIGHT TO HAVE A COURT, OTHER THAN A SMALL CLAIMS COURT, RESOLVE ANY 
CLAIM OR DISPUTE ALLEGED AGAINST US OR RELATED THIRD PARTIES; AND 
 ? WAIVE YOUR RIGHT TO SERVE AS A REPRESENTATIVE, AS A PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL, OR 
IN ANY OTHER REPRESENTATIVE CAPACITY, AND/OR TO PARTICIPATE AS A MEMBER OF A 
CLASS OF CLAIMANTS, IN ANY LAWSUIT FILED AGAINST US AND/OR RELATED THIRD PARTIES. 
c. Procedure for Arbitration: Any claimant under this Arbitration Agreement must first submit to the other party a written notice of 
the claimant’s claim against or dispute with the other party.  That notice must include an explanation of the claim and a statement 
of the claimant’s request for resolution.  The party receiving the claim or dispute shall then be entitled to a period of thirty (30) 
days to cure that claim or dispute. If either party fails to do so, that party shall be liable for all costs and expenses, including 
reasonable attorneys’ fees, incurred by the other party with respect to compelling and pursuing the arbitration. If the parties are 
unable to resolve the claim or dispute within this 30-day period, then the claim or dispute shall be resolved by arbitration. 
Arbitration may be heard, at the claimant’s election, by the American Arbitration Association (the “AAA”), the Judicial 
Alternatives and Mediation Service (“JAMS”), or any other arbitration forum as both parties may agree, and shall be conducted 
under the consumer rules of the arbitration forum selected. If you have any questions concerning the AAA or would like to obtain 
a copy of the AAA arbitration rules, you may call 1(800) 778-7879 or visit the AAA’s web site at: www.adr.org.  If you have any 
questions concerning the JAMS or would like to obtain a copy of the JAMS arbitration rules, you may call 1(800) 352-5267 or 
visit their web site at: www.jamsadr.com. The arbitrator shall apply applicable substantive law consistent with the FAA and 
applicable statutes of limitation, and shall honor all claims of privilege recognized by law.  The Arbitration shall take place in the 
federal district of your residence.  Subject to Section f and g below, each party, you and we, shall bear our own costs and 
expenses, including attorneys’ fees incurred with respect to the arbitration.  However, if circumstances relating to the dispute 
(including, among other things, the size and nature of the dispute, the nature of the services that we have provided you, and your 
ability to pay) it would be unfair or burdensome for you to pay the arbitration filing fees, we will advance the initial filing, 
administration, and hearing fees required by the arbitrator, who will ultimately decide who will be responsible for paying those 
amounts. 
d. Interpretation of this Arbitration Agreement:  Any dispute as to the validity of the portion of this Arbitration Agreement that 
prohibits class arbitration shall be a matter for resolution by a court and not by the arbitrator; although the arbitrator shall have the 
authority to resolve all other questions about the validity of the remaining portions of the Agreement. In the event that the court 
deems the portion of this Arbitration Agreement that prohibits class arbitration to be unenforceable, then the ensuing class action 
shall be heard by the court and not by the arbitrator. 
e. Statutes of Limitations: All statutes of limitations that are applicable to any claim or dispute shall apply to any arbitration 
between you and us. 
f. Attorneys’ Fees:  The arbitrator may, but is not required to, award reasonable attorneys’ fees to the prevailing party if allowed by 
statute or applicable law. 
g. Fees & Expenses:  At your written request, we will pay the arbitration fees (including applicable filing fees, administrative fees, 
hearing fees and arbitrator fees) for any Claim that you may file against us up to a maximum of $2,000.  Unless inconsistent with 
applicable law and expect as provided herein, each party shall bear the expense of their respective attorneys’, experts’ and 
witness’ fees.  Provided, however, that if you prevail in arbitration, we agree to pay your attorneys’ fees up to $2,000. 
h. Enforcement of Award: The award of the arbitrator shall be binding and final after fifteen (15) days have passed, and judgment 
upon the arbitrator’s award may thereafter be entered in any court having jurisdiction. 
i. Appeal Procedure:  Within fifteen (15) days after an award by the arbitrator, any party may appeal the award by requesting in 
writing a new arbitration before a panel of three neutral arbitrators designated by the same arbitration service.  The decision of the 
panel of three neutral arbitrators will be immediately binding and final. 
j. Small Claims Court: Notwithstanding any other provision of this Arbitration Agreement, either you or we shall retain the right to 
seek adjudication in Small Claims Court of any matter within its jurisdiction.  Any matter not within the Small Claims Court’s 
jurisdiction shall be resolved by arbitration as provided above.  Any appeal from a Small Claims Court judgment shall be 
conducted in accordance with Section i of this Arbitration Agreement. 
k. OPT OUT:  You may choose to opt out of and not be subject to this Arbitration Agreement, but only by the following process set 
forth below.  If you do not wish to be subject to this Arbitration Agreement, then you must notify us in writing within 20 calendar 
days of this Agreement at the following address: Buckeye Lending Solutions, LLC, 6785 Bobcat Way, Suite 200, Dublin, OH 
43016, Attention: Arbitration Opt-Out.  This written notice must include your name, address, social security number, the date of 
this Agreement and a statement that you wish to opt out of this Arbitration Agreement.  Your notice to opt out will apply only to 
this particular transaction with us and not to subsequent or previous transactions; a separate opt out notice is required for each 
transaction on which you wish to opt out of this Arbitration Agreement.   
l. Severability: If any portion of this Arbitration Agreement is deemed invalid or unenforceable under the FAA, it should not 
invalidate the remaining portions of this Arbitration provision or other terms of this loan Agreement 
 
ARBITRATION PROVISION REVIEWED AND AGREED: 
 
Borrower’s Signature: X ________________________________________ Date: __________________________ 
 
 
